Update Static Tools Logo and CodeQL doc (#3373)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-driver-docs: windows-driver-docs-pr/devtest/static-tools-and-codeql.md

   rmdir /s/q C:\codeql-home\databases\kmdf
   CALL C:\codeql-home\codeql\codeql\codeql.cmd database create -l=cpp -s="C:\codeql-home\drivers\kmdf" -c "msbuild /p:Configuration=Release /p:Platform=x64 C:\codeql-home\drivers\kmdf\kmdfecho.sln /t:rebuild /p:PostBuildEventUseInBuild=false " "C:\codeql-home\databases\kmdf" -j 0
   CALL C:\codeql-home\codeql\codeql\codeql database analyze "C:\codeql-home\databases\kmdf" "C:\codeql-home\Windows-Driver-Developer-Supplemental-Tools\codeql\codeql-queries\cpp\ql\src\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions" --format=sarifv2.1.0 --output=C:\codeql-home\databases\kmdf.sarif -j 0 --rerun
   ECHO ">>> Loading SARIF Results in Visual Studio <<<"
   CALL devenv /Edit C:\codeql-home\databases\kmdf.sarif
   SET ERRORLEVEL = 0
   ```

1. The [devenv.exe / Edit](/visualstudio/ide/reference/edit-devenv-exe) option is used in the batch file to open the SARIF results file in the existing instance of Visual Studio. To view the SARIF results install the [Microsoft SARIF Viewer for Visual Studio](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WDGIS.MicrosoftSarifViewer) and refer to the instructions there for more information.

> 1. In the driver project, navigate to project properties. In the  **Configuration** pull down, select the build configuration that you wish to check with CodeQL, we recommend "Release. Creating the CodeQL database and running the queries takes a few minutes, so we don't recommend you run CodeQL on the Debug configuration of your project.

Reviewer: I think what's trying to be said here is essentially, "CodeQL can take a lot of time, don't run it on every dev build as you code", correct? I wonder if there's a more natural way to say this than the Release/Debug divide.

> 1. In the driver project, navigate to project properties. In the  **Configuration** pull down, select the build configuration that you wish to check with CodeQL, we recommend "Release. Creating the CodeQL database and running the queries takes a few minutes, so we don't recommend you run CodeQL on the Debug configuration of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the driver project, navigate to project properties. In the  **Configuration** pull down, select the build configuration that you wish to check with CodeQL, we recommend "Release". Creating the CodeQL database and running the queries takes a few minutes, so we don't recommend you run CodeQL on the Debug configuration of your project.
```

1. The results from the running the batch file will be displayed at the end of the build output.

   ```console
   1>Starting evaluation of codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\MistypedFunctionArguments.ql.
   1>Starting evaluation of codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\TooManyArguments.ql.
   1>Starting evaluation of codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\TooFewArguments.ql.
   1>Starting evaluation of codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\ImplicitFunctionDeclaration.ql.
   1>[1/4 eval 4.4s] Evaluation done; writing results to codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\TooManyArguments.bqrs.
   1>[2/4 eval 4.4s] Evaluation done; writing results to codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\TooFewArguments.bqrs.
   1>[3/4 eval 4.5s] Evaluation done; writing results to codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\ImplicitFunctionDeclaration.bqrs.
   1>[4/4 eval 5.2s] Evaluation done; writing results to codeql-cpp\Likely Bugs\Underspecified Functions\MistypedFunctionArguments.bqrs.
   1>Shutting down query evaluator.
   1>Interpreting results.
   1>">>> Loading SARIF Results in Visual Studio <<<"
   ```

## Troubleshooting

> > If you are certifying with WHCP, the most common issue is version mismatch between HLK version and Windows Release version. Please ensure you are using the HLK version associated with the Windows release you are targeting, the associated branch in the Windows Driver Developer Supplemental Tools repository, and the subsequent CodeQL CLI version. For HLK/Windows Release compatability matrix, see [Windows Hardware Lab Kit](/windows-hardware/test/hlk/) and for Windows Release/Windows Driver Developer Supplemental Tools repo branch/CodeQL CLI version, see the WHCP table in the [CodeQL Setup](#1-codeql-setup) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are certifying with WHCP, the most common issue is version mismatch between HLK version and Windows Release version. Please ensure you are using the HLK version associated with the Windows release you are targeting, the associated branch in the Windows Driver Developer Supplemental Tools repository, and the correct CodeQL CLI version for that branch. For HLK/Windows Release compatability matrix, see [Windows Hardware Lab Kit](/windows-hardware/test/hlk/) and for Windows Release/Windows Driver Developer Supplemental Tools repo branch/CodeQL CLI version, see the WHCP table in the [CodeQL Setup](#1-codeql-setup) section.
```
